.TH JSON-GRAPHICS 7 23-05-2018 "Kamil Jarosz" "Conversions and Miscellaneous"
.SH NAME
json-graphics \- format used by
.BR json-graphics (1)

.SH DESCRIPTION

The format is divided into three sections. Each section corresponds to one
key-value pair present in the JSON file.

.SS Figures
The section
.B \&"figures\&"
describes all figures present on the image. It is an array of objects with
a given type which is present in the
.B \&"type\&"
property. Depending on the type its contents are described below.
Additionally each figure may have an optional parameter
.BR \&"color\&"
which points to a color described in the
.B Colors
subsection and specifies the color of a figure.

.TP 4
.I \&"point\&"
Draw a point. The parameters
.BR \&"x\&" ", " \&"y\&"
specify the position of this point.

.TP 4
.I \&"square\&"
Draw a square. The parameters
.BR \&"x\&" ", " \&"y\&"
specify the position of the left-top vertex.
The parameter
.B \&"size\&"
specifies the size of this square.

.TP 4
.I \&"rectangle\&"
Draw a rectangle. The parameters
.BR \&"x\&" ", " \&"y\&"
specify the position of the left-top vertex.
The parameters
.BR \&"width\&" ", " \&"height\&"
specify the size of this rectangle.

.TP 4
.I \&"circle\&"
Draw a circle. The parameters
.BR \&"x\&" ", " \&"y\&"
specify the position of the center.
The parameter
.B \&"radius\&"
specifies the radius of this circle.

.TP 4
.I \&"ellipse\&"
Draw an ellipse. The parameters
.BR \&"x\&" ", " \&"y\&"
specify the position of the center.
The parameters
.BR \&"radiusx\&" ", " \&"radiusx\&"
specify the radii of this ellipse.

.TP 4
.I \&"polygon\&"
Draw a polygon. The parameter
.BR \&"points\&" ,
which is a list of points,
specifies the positions of vertices of this polygon.
Each point is a 2-element list containing respectively
the x position and the y position of a point.

.SS Screen

The section
.B \&"screen\&"
contains general information about the image.

.TP 4
.BR \&"width\&" " & " \&"height\&"
Those two values specify the size of the image in pixels.

.TP 4
.B \&"background\&"
Specifies the color of the background. See the subsection
.B Colors
for more information.

.TP 4
.BR \&"default_color\&" " (optional)"
Specifies the default figure color i.e. the color a figure will have when no
.B \&"color\&"
parameter is specified. In this situation when this parameter is missing,
an error should be thrown. See the subsection
.B Colors
for more information.

.SS Palette
The
.B \&"palette\&"
section contains a mapping between names and colors.
It consists of
.RB \&" key :
.IR value \&"
pairs. When a color value does not match any of the supported formats,
it is looked up in this palette and the corresponding
.I value
is used instead. See the subsection
.B Colors
for more information.

.SS Colors

There are two valid color formats:

.TP 4
.IB ( red , green , blue )
RGB color format. Possible values for
.BR red ", " green " and " blue :
.IR 0-255 .

.TP 4
.IB # xxxxxx
HTML color format. Possible values:
.IR 000000-FFFFFF .

.P
Instead of the formats described above, a color name may be used.
In this situation it is looked up in the palette. See the subsection
.B Palette
for more information.

.SH EXAMPLE
{
.RS 4
.BR \&"figures\&" :
[
.RS 4
.RB { \&"type\&" :
.IR \&"point\&" ,
.BR \&"x\&" :
.IR 1 ,
.BR \&"y\&" :
.IR 0 },
.br
.RB { \&"type\&" :
.IR \&"polygon\&" ,
.RS 4
.BR \&"points\&" :
.RI [[ 2 , 5 "], [" 3 , 14 "], [" 5 , 18 "], [" 11 , 18 "], [" 3 , 39 ]],
.br
.BR \&"color\&" :
.IR \&"blue\&" },
.RE
.RB { \&"type\&" :
.IR \&"rectangle\&" ,
.RS 4
.BR \&"x\&" :
.IR 100 ,
.BR \&"y\&" :
.IR 50 ,
.br
.BR \&"width\&" :
.IR 200 ,
.BR \&"height\&" :
.IR 50 },
.RE
.RB { \&"type\&" :
.IR \&"square\&" ,
.RS 4
.BR \&"x\&" :
.IR 150 ,
.BR \&"y\&" :
.IR 100 ,
.br
.BR \&"size\&" :
.IR 80 ,
.br
.BR \&"color\&" :
.IR \&"(255,255,255)\&" },
.RE
.RB { \&"type\&" :
.IR \&"circle\&" ,
.RS 4
.BR \&"x\&" :
.IR 800 ,
.BR \&"y\&" :
.IR 600 ,
.br
.BR \&"radius\&" :
.IR 40 ,
.br
.BR \&"color\&" :
.IR \&"#abcdef\&" }
.RE
.RE
],
.br
.BR \&"screen\&" ": {"
.RS 4
.BR \&"width\&" :
.IR 800 ,
.br
.BR \&"height\&" :
.IR 600 ,
.br
.BR \&"background\&" :
.IR \&"black\&" ,
.br
.BR \&"default_color\&" :
.I \&"red\&"
.RE
 },
.br
.BR \&"palette\&" ": {"
.RS 4
.BR \&"red\&" :
.IR \&"#ff0000\&" ,
.br
.BR \&"blue\&" :
.IR \&"#0000ff\&" ,
.br
.BR \&"black\&" :
.IR \&"#000000\&"
.RE
}
.RE
}

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C)  2018  Kamil Jarosz.

.P
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR json-graphics (1)

